# Contributing

This project is intended to provide categorized links to other resources in a
format that's easy to navigate. The information it contains is currently
divided into four sections, each with its own guidelines for contributions as
detailed below.

The content within each section should be sorted alphabetically to make them
easy to scan.

New additions must have a web site or documentation available in English so
they can be thoroughly evaluated for applicability prior to inclusion.

To submit a contribution, simply [fork this repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)
and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).

## Concepts

Additions to this section should be rare. Each subsection references a single
high-level concept related to asynchronous programming and contains links
specific to that concept, generally introductory tutorials or references.

## Projects

Projects are collections of related libraries, as opposed to a single library
or framework, and generally have an independent web site dedicated to them.
Individual libraries and frameworks should be listed in the next section.

## Repositories

This section lists source control repositories for individual libraries and
frameworks that are in some way related to asynchronous programming in PHP,
loosely categorized into subsections based on purpose.

A repository listed in this section may be part of a project listed in the
Projects section, but this is not necessary for its inclusion.

To keep the noise-to-signal ratio low, no repository may be listed more than
once in this section. As such, new additions should be placed in a single
subsection that is most applicable to the addition in question.

Subsections may be added to this section based on need. At least two,
preferably more, applicable repositories must be suggested for inclusion in a
new section in order for that new section to be considered.

## People

This section lists individual contributors that are active in the development
or discussion of either a project or multiple repositories. This generally
requires a presence on communities such as GitHub, Twitter, or Twitch, or some
equivalent online presence.
